c:\users\diegou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\diegou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\diegou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\Bin\Debug\ListBox.dll
c:\users\diegou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\Bin\Debug\ListBox.pdb
c:\users\diegou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\diegou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\diegou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\obj\Debug\ListBox.g.resources
c:\users\diegou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\obj\Debug\ListBox.dll
c:\users\diegou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\obj\Debug\ListBox.pdb
c:\users\diegou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\diegou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\Bin\Debug\ListBox.xap
c:\users\diegou\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\diegou\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\obj\Debug\ListBox.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\diegou\Desktop\Material MLAB\Documentos\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\diegou\Desktop\Material MLAB\Documentos\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\diegou\Desktop\Material MLAB\Documentos\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\Bin\Debug\ListBox.dll
C:\Users\diegou\Desktop\Material MLAB\Documentos\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\Bin\Debug\ListBox.pdb
C:\Users\diegou\Desktop\Material MLAB\Documentos\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\diegou\Desktop\Material MLAB\Documentos\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\Bin\Debug\ListBox.xap
C:\Users\diegou\Desktop\Material MLAB\Documentos\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\diegou\Desktop\Material MLAB\Documentos\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\diegou\Desktop\Material MLAB\Documentos\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\obj\Debug\ListBox.g.resources
C:\Users\diegou\Desktop\Material MLAB\Documentos\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\obj\Debug\ListBox.dll
C:\Users\diegou\Desktop\Material MLAB\Documentos\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\obj\Debug\ListBox.pdb
C:\Users\diegou\Desktop\Material MLAB\Documentos\Projects\ListBox\ListBox\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
